hi bill from CJ Pony parts in 2005 when
Ford launched the new Mustang it was an
immediate success people love the retro
look and the new 4.6 liter 3-valve
engine while the engines made good power
they weren't exactly pleasing to look at
ford realize this in the 2007 started
offering an optional intake manifold
cover similar to this one seen here if
you have a 2005 to 2006 Mustang and
didn't get this style cover instead I'm
gonna show you how to install this
powered by Ford cover and while we're at
it we're gonna have the CPC throttle
body cover as well for this installation
you'll need a clear inch ratchet
Kait millimeter deep socket and a short
extension here you can see what we mean
by the factory manifold it's kind of
boring looking our manifold cover is
gonna be a nice upgrade first step
remove the two bolts on the top of the
throttle body
I want to pull these rear clips off the
studs access the stud I'm gonna be extra
careful on this side this is going to be
the vacuum line that goes your fuel
pressure module I'll make sure that
doesn't get unplugged
now we're gonna install the two studs
that are found that our intake manifold
cover hardware kit
I'm gonna grab our new power bi for
cover and then slide it over the studs
and press it down over the rear steps
I'm going to reinstall the wiring
harness and then the hose on the other
side and here double check and make sure
the line did not come off the module or
the tee fitting back here now we're
going to loosely install the two front
retaining nuts get them on a couple
threads each
then we can put on the throttle body
cover the intake manifold covers design
we use with a stock throttle body and
has this cutout in the middle it can be
used with aftermarket throttle bodies
but will require trimming same thing
goes for the throttle body cover
designed for a stock throttle body and a
stock air inlet but can be trimmed to
fit other designs just slide our
throttle body cover over the studs
put it down to place and tighten it down
and solutions finished
our intake manifold and throttle body
cover combination and a huge improvement
or engine bay insulation is your only
take around 20 minutes gonna be back on
the road no time
more help install videos like this one
make sure you subscribe to our YouTube
channel